[docs] Add ysql_output_buffer_size to yb-tserver config reference. (#23233)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver.md

Specifies the lowest YSQL message level to log.

##### --ysql_output_buffer_size

> Size of YSQL layer output buffer, in bytes. YSQL buffers query response within this output buffer until a buffer flush is requested from the user or the buffer overflows. The database is allowed to retry the query on retryable errors as long as no data has been flushed to the user yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Size of YSQL layer output buffer, in bytes. YSQL buffers query responses in this output buffer until either a buffer flush is requested by the client or the buffer overflows.

As long as no data has been flushed from the buffer, the database can retry queries on retryable errors. For example, you can increase the size of the buffer so that YSQL can retry [read restart errors](../../../architecture/transactions/read-restart-error).
```

Reviewer: Not that I'm aware of. You need to edit the page in each corresponding directory

Author: Cool. I've duplicated the change now.
